Route SNS notifications through a Lambda function (#5246) (#5445)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

9. `_refresh`

### 3.2.3 Transition Amazon SES resource out of sandbox

> Perform these steps once the cloud insfrastructure has been provisioned for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform these steps once the cloud infrastructure has been provisioned for the
```

shared deployment, section #3.3. Before continuing, make sure that the SES
identity provisioned by Terraform is listed in the Verified identities tab,
from the AWS SES console. The identity listed should be the deployments' domain
name.

Run the following AWS CLI command to request for the AWS SES Identity to be
granted production access::

    aws sesv2 put-account-details \
    --contact-language EN \
    --mail-type TRANSACTIONAL \
    --production-access-enabled \
    --website-url $(python -c 'from azul import config; print(config.indexer_endpoint.host)') \
    --use-case-description \

>         "Use a lambda function invoked by an SNS topic to forward the SNS notification via email to a single recipient."

Reviewer: quotes

>                             the SNS notification via email to a single recipient."

Reviewer: How does the line break interact with the indentation here? I'm worried that the leading whitespace on this line will be included in the quoted string. If that's the case, consider 
```suggestion
    --use-case-description \
        "Use a lambda function invoked by an SNS topic to forward the SNS notification via email to a single recipient."
```

9. `_refresh`

### 3.2.3 Transition Amazon SES resource out of sandbox

Perform these steps once the cloud insfrastructure has been provisioned for the

> shared deployment, section #3.3. Before continuing, make sure that the SES

Reviewer: If that step has to be done first, why does this section precede it in the README?

Author: I thought it made sense to include it as part of the `3.2 One-time manual configuration of deployments` section, since this needs to be done only once after creating the resource and it's a manual step.

Reviewer 2: Yes, but one should not have to jump around in the document. The sections are meant in to be performed in the order they appear in the document. Skipping a section is OK, but going backwards is not. Why does this have to be executed after the infrastructure was deployed?

identity provisioned by Terraform is the deployment's indexer domain, and that
it's listed as verified, in the Verified identities tab, to view from the AWS

> SES console.

Reviewer: Grammar is wrong. I can't tell what this sentence is supposed to mean.

> Run the following AWS CLI command to request for the AWS SES Identity to be
> removed from sandbox, this is done in order to avoid having to confirm a
> subscription to a recepient soly used for the purpose of monitoring, run::

Reviewer: Several typos and grammar issues, but I don't the explanation is necessary because the SNS subscription won't exist once these changes are merged.

```suggestion
Run the following AWS CLI command to request for the AWS SES Identity to be
granted production access::
```

    aws sesv2 put-account-details \
    --production-access-enabled \
    --mail-type TRANSACTIONAL \

>     --website-url $(echo "from azul import config; print(config.indexer_endpoint.host)" | python) \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --website-url $(python -c 'from azul import config; print(config.indexer_endpoint.host)') \
```

    --use-case-description "We would like to use SES to replace our current \
                            notification infrastructure, which is based on an \
                            SNS topic with one Google group email subscribed. \
                            We would only ever send emails to one specific \
                            email address. Will not send unsolicited email, \
                            or emails to any other recipient for that matter. \
                            The reason we want to switch to SES is so that we \
                            do not have to confirm the subscription of the \
                            recipient to the SNS topic, because that \
                            confirmation requires manual intervention which \
                            prevents us from fully automating our \
                            infrastructure deployment. Instead we would like \
                            to have a Lambda function invoked by the SNS \
                            topic, and have that lambda function send the \

>                             email to the single recipient via SES." \

Reviewer: I don't think the length, tense, character, or tone of this explanation is appropriate for this context. I would just write:

```
Use a lambda function invoked by an SNS topic to forward the SNS notification via email to a single recipient.
```

>     --contact-language EN

Reviewer: nitpick: I think it would be easier to read if the `--contact-language` option was moved up so that the long paragraph from the `--use-case-description` option came last.

9. `_refresh`

### 3.2.3 Transition Amazon SES resource out of sandbox

Perform these steps once the cloud infrastructure has been provisioned for the
shared deployment, section #3.3. Before continuing, make sure that the SES
identity provisioned by Terraform is listed in the Verified identities tab,
from the AWS SES console. The identity listed should be the deployments' domain
name.

Run the following AWS CLI command to request for the AWS SES Identity to be
granted production access::

    aws sesv2 put-account-details \
    --contact-language EN \
    --mail-type TRANSACTIONAL \
    --production-access-enabled \

>     --website-url $(python -c 'from azul import config; print(api_lambda_domain("notify"))') \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    --website-url $(python -c 'from azul import config; print(config.api_lambda_domain("notify"))') \
```

but I added a convenience recently

```suggestion
    --website-url $(python -m azul 'config.api_lambda_domain("notify")') \
```
